[Doc 3.3] MCP Server and MCP Connector (#11144)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/mcp/mcp-connector.md

  },
  "headers": {
    "Authorization": "Bearer ${credential.mcp_server_key}"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The following table describes the connector parameters. For more information about standard connector parameters, see [Configuration parameters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints/#configuration-parameters).

| Parameter | Data type | Required | Description |
|:----------|:---------|:------------|
| `protocol` | String | Yes | Specify `mcp_sse` for SSE or `mcp_streamable_http` for Streamable HTTP. |
| `url` | String | Yes | The complete base URL of the MCP server, including protocol, hostname, and port, if not using the default port (for example, `https://my-mcp-server.com:8443`). |
| `credential` | Object | Yes | Contains sensitive authentication information such as API keys or tokens. Values stored in this object can be securely referenced in the `headers` section using the `${credential.*}` syntax. |
| `parameters` | Object | No | Contains configuration parameters for the MCP connector. |
| `parameters.sse_endpoint` | String | No | Applicable for SSE only. The SSE endpoint path for the MCP server. Default is `/sse`. |

> | `parameters.endpoint` | String | No | Applicable for Streamable HTTPonly. The MCP server endpoint path. Default is `/mcp`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `parameters.endpoint` | String | No | Applicable for Streamable HTTP only. The MCP server endpoint path. Default is `/mcp`. |
```

Reviewer: small typo correction
